- Where are they?
- Wha-- I came looking for my family.
Just like you.
Oh, yeah?
Hey.
I was there when you got this.
You're the one who did this to me.
To all of us.
At the bare minimum, I'm as smart
as you, so don't fuck with me.
Where are they?
Okay.
I'm sorry. I'm so s--
Fuck you.
I don't want your fucking apology.
Tell me where they are!
Oh, fuck. I don't know.
Oh, fuck.
Where are they?
Daniela found out.
Of course she did.
She's the one who
pushed me down the stairs.
And I don't know where she is now.
I swear.
- So you're fucking useless to me?
- I'm sorry.
Mom.
Let's turn them off, okay?
When I came back, I thought
I'd only have him to deal with.
I should've known there would be more.
So where do we go?
I really don't know.
Credit cards can be tracked.
No one really takes cash anymore.
And even if I had an idea,
I can't be the one to choose.
Why?
'Cause any place he would think of,
they could too.
I have an idea.
That's the one.
And you just happen to know
the security code?
James's family spends their summers--
most weekends here.
- I visited a couple of times.
- Couple of times?
I think he's been here
more than a couple of times.
How's your room?
I should have protected her.
Charlie...
I should've protected both of you.
None of this is your fault.
You know that, right?
Are they really all my dad?
Yes and no.
So what do we do?
We figure it out...
once we get some sleep.
Hey.
Do you wanna be alone?
I can't imagine
the things that you've seen,
all the things you had to do
to get back to us.
I want it...
to just be as simple as you're home,
we go back to the way we were...
but they're all home too.
I don't know where to start.
Guess just like after Max.
Somehow we just have to start.
None of you have been through
what I've been through.
You haven't earned it.
You know, we can't
all have them obviously, so...
the question is, who gets stuck alone?
What if we tried joint custody?
At first, I liked the way he made me feel.
It was like we had gone back to the start.
But he wasn't my husband.
He lived with us,
slept with me.
That's all I wanna say right now.
I'm sorry.
I loved our life,
but there were times
that I thought, "What if?"
Not a constant thing, but sometimes.
This other Jason, he is,
to some degree, me.
So my what-ifs are also in him.
They led him to this world.
None of it's your fault.
You know, I met a version of you
that never married me.
Yeah?
What did I do?
You're an artist.
I met you at the opening
for your newest show.
You lived in a really cool loft, and...
you had a lot of friends.
No kids?
No.
Was I happy?
She wondered the same about you.
No hotel charges,
no airline tickets, no Airbnb,
no rental cars, but he buys
fucking gas at Schaumburg.
And they take $500 out of the ATM.
Where'd he go?
Come on. You should
be able to work this out.
Wherever he would go, you would know.
So you don't make the decision
because it's too predictable.
I know Daniela too well.
They'll let Charlie do it.
Oh, fuck.
Is there any chance
you haven't powered your phones down?
Where's my phone?
Where's my phone? The one that
you took from me under the train tracks.
Where is my phone?
Where is it?
Listen, cut me loose.
I'll help you find it.
Why don't I just cut you?
No. Look.
Gotcha.
Sorry...
We should check on Charlie.
Daniela?
Last night, I found a message board
with hundreds of Jasons
who'd made it back.
What were they saying?
As damaged as some of them have become,
they all love their family.
They want you back.
One of them had an idea.
Kind of a lottery system,
where apparently one of us gets to
stay in this world with you and Charlie.
Everyone else leaves.
Well, whoever had that idea
just lost the lottery.
Another suggested shared custody.
Wow.
Holidays will be a nightmare.
Hey.
So what happened to you?
What happened to me?
Yeah.
After you kidnapped me
and played out a sick dad fantasy
with my son
and raped my wife?
I'll tell you what happened.
Your Daniela is dead.
What?
How?
Well, it was my fault.
Actually...
it was your fault.
Because I didn't know the kind of people
that you were involved with.
Dawn killed her because
she was trying to help me.
And Leighton had Ryan killed.
And then there's Amanda,
who you abandoned.
She helped me escape in the box,
and she was very confused
and disoriented and scared.
And as you know,
they're not the kind of feelings
you're supposed to have
when you open the door.
The sixth door that we opened
was a big forest.
We just stepped outside
just to have a look.
And...
there had been a fire, I guess.
It was very black.
Blackened, you know?
And so when a wind came,
it just started knocking trees down.
This branch fell and...
well, one hit me on the head,
but a really big one just came and went...
right through her.
Pinned her to the ground.
And there was just nothing
that I could do about it...
except just sit there
and wait for it to all be over.
That took two days.
Is that hers?
Amanda's?
She would've done anything for you.
One hundred percent. Anything.
Do you want to see
what other damage you've caused?
Yeah, and it just goes on.
I just thought...
What did you think?
It doesn't matter.
Look at me.
I would really like to know.
I thought...
I thought that...
you would love my life.
What else?
Brooke and Drew are dating.
I'm sorry, pal.
Smells good in here.
Yeah, I found some slightly expired
pancake mix and a can of condensed milk.
Okay. I like our chances
with expired pancakes.
What'd I miss?
Well, I am catching up on current events
at the Dessen household.
Speaking of which,
what happened to that show
that you were trying to land?
Don Good at Artspace got it.
We are batting 1,000 here.
Any good news?
You got me a car for my birthday.
- Yes, I heard.
- Excellent Blackhawks tickets.
New skateboards.
- Ice cream with nuts.
- What?
Yeah, you almost killed me.
Nah, but seriously, you didn't
know how to use an EpiPen.
He wouldn't have known about your allergy.
Yeah.
Or Max. He missed our time by the tree.
Well, he's a dick.
Coffee?
- I'd love some.
- Yeah? Same?
The thing about these
is they make you think,
"Why would you ever want a fresh pancake?"
- Okay. Why are you doing this to me?
- It was perfect.
- Thank you.
- Thank you for breakfast.
You're welcome. But what's the plan?
Don't really know yet. Just that we have
to leave here tomorrow.
Why?
Well, we're currently
home invaders and thieves.
Did you take something?
I just love how your mind
just went straight to me.
Well, you did kind of thieve
my best friend's car.
She kind of let me borrow it.
Doesn't seem like there's really a plan
to give it back to her anytime soon.
Well, we might need it.
So, where will we go?
We're working on it.
Hello?
Daniela?
Charlie?
Hello?
Jason?
I know this seems very strange,
but for Daniela's sake,
I need you to do something for me.
What?
Can you track your car's location?
Can you? Can you track
your car's location?
Yes.
Have you?
No. It didn't occur to me to track.
- All right. Give me your phone.
- That would be a solid "fuck off."
Blair, just give me your phone.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Just give me your fucking phone.
Blair, give it to me!
Okay.
- Sit down. Now!
- Yeah, fine. Yeah.
Now...
what the actual fuck is going on?
Where are they?
The other realities.
Imagine you're a fish, swimming in a lake.
And to you,
that lake is your entire universe.
Then one day,
someone reaches in
and pulls you out of the water,
and you realize that what you thought
was your entire world is just one lake.
Then you see another lake and trees
and the sky above.
And it suddenly hits you that you are--
We all are part
of a more mysterious reality
than we could ever possibly understand.
So, they're just all around us
and we can't see them?
They're right here.
So close, just microns away.
And if our consciousness were more fluid,
we could literally
reach out and touch 'em.
Were there any worlds...
where you were tempted to stay?
Out there in the box, I almost--
almost lost hope of finding my way home.
There was one world
where I thought I could be happy.
But you came home.
Do you regret it?
Not one bit.
Ask another question.
Hey. Come in. We're just chatting.
Okay, now this just feels
suspiciously like a tuck-in.
What, you too old for a tuck-in, huh?
Thank you for bringing us here, Charlie.
Considering this is pretty scary,
you're handling it with real bravery.
I'm very proud of you, pal.
Night, kiddo.
Good night.
All right.
Do you remember when we first met?
Could have been anyone...
but it was you.
And out of all of them,
again it was you.
I went on the message board.
I told them we made a choice.
I don't want a lottery.
I choose you.
Oh, shit.
Help me.
Who did this to you?
One of us.
How many are here?
Am I gonna die? I don't wanna die.
How many?
Get Charlie.
Where's Charlie?
Hey!
Oh, fuck.
Plea--
Was that a gunshot?
Get Charlie. Meet me
back downstairs. Hurry!
Hey.
Drop it.
I said drop it.
Listen...
Just stop. Stop.
Are they upstairs?
Yeah.
Okay. Take off all your clothes.
Now. I'm not gonna tell you again. Just--
Come on.
Everything.
Do you have a safe word?
Yeah.
Give it to me.
How many have you killed?
I don't know.
Safe word.
Okay. I'll tell you.
It's--
Daniela, take Charlie and go. Go!
Not without you.
I'm not gonna stop you.
It's not why I'm here.
I'm the one who built the box.
I'm the one responsible
for all of this mess.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry to all of you.
Charlie!
Fuck.
How did you find us?
Blair had a tracking app on her phone.
How did the others find you?
One of them put this device on the Honda,
and I didn't realize it
until the others started showing up.
They followed me.
What the fuck?
You have to leave.
It's outside.
Please. I am trying to help you.
All right. Well, show us where it is.
Okay.
Jason.
This belongs to you.
Go. Go!
Daniela! Charlie!
Get down!
Are you good? You okay?
I don't think anyone followed us.
What do we do?
There's nowhere for us to go.
Guys, I think he left us something.
How many are there?
I don't know. Forty?
There's a bag here too.
He brought Max.
And there's this here.
When I went into the box,
I was filled with regret.
And then one day, I walked into a world
and I found a family that had been created
through a choice that I had been
too scared to make.
I was burning with envy.
At first, I thought
it was all about you, Daniela.
And while some of it was,
I realized what I really wanted,
what I tried to steal,
were the choices that you made, Jason.
Mostly the choice
to allow space in your life
for someone else's needs and dreams.
I think there's a part of us-- me--
that's been afraid to risk love.
And my whole life,
I've let that fear control me.
But somehow you broke free of it
and gifted yourself a full,
messy and beautiful life.
There's no apology
sufficient for what I've done.
This world is no longer safe
for any of you.
And I hope you can find a new home,
and I'm sure you will, because...
well, you've all been through
things I can't imagine,
and they've shaped you into
an even more perfect puzzle
that can only fit one another.
You're sure this is the only way?
If we stay, we have to live in fear.
She's right.
Wait.
Look. There they are.
Hey. Hey, look. Daniela.
Shit. That's him.
Where's he going?
They're here.
We didn't come to stop you.
We figured that your only chance
at a normal life was to leave this world.
Yeah. He's right. Uh-huh.
We came to say goodbye.
I'm sorry.
I just want you and Charlie to be safe.
Yeah.
And you...
take care of them.
Yeah.
No! Why should he get them?
It's not about him.
It's about what she wants,
and what's best for our son.
Let 'em through.
No.
Let 'em through!
Move!
Charlie. Charlie.
Daniela.
Do you know me?
No...
but I've been looking for you.